
----------------------------------------------------- BEGIN ANTICHRIST NOTES -----------------------------------------------
AntiChrist notes

God used my family as a key to confirm what I unsealed in the books of revelation and daniel:

My sister's full name is: Arlene Lemus San Luis
Born on: May 4th, 1978
She was God's clue in determining the true antichrist.

Arlene (Birthdate is 5/4/1978)
  Helps determine who the real AntiChrist is
  clue #1:
    H7854 Adversary (in the date format of my sister's bday: YYMD)

  clue #2:
    From the Sign in Revelation 12 to 5/4/2020 (Birth of X-Elon musk's son) is 954 days
    9/23/2017 to 5/4/2020 is 954 days
    G954 dung god; Beelzebul, a name of Satan

  clue #3: final clue given by God in the form of a family member
    Gematria value for my sister's full name:  Arlene San Luis Lemus
    arlene san luis lemus in Hebrew Gematria equals 946
    Also, Daniel 7:8 - the 7,8 corresponds to my birth year of my sister
          Daniel 7:8   78 corresponds to my sister's birth year which refers to this
                       pattern of the little horn verse Daniel (7 8)

    Now look at the verse below:    God gave us 3 full confirmations to come up with the truth:
    Mat 24:15  When ye therefore shall see the abomination G946 of desolation, 
      spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth, let him understand:) 

  The son who was born in the corresponding Month and Day as my sister is Elon Musk's son, X  
    Born on 5/4/2020 

  Rev 17:8  The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, 
  and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written 
  in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is. 

  The following articles show that I had insight on counting (calculating) Revelation 13:18
  // The Mark of the Beast. Is it AI, X, 10, 666, monetary/ID system, or related to Elon Musk? The Bible says, All of the Above (Part I of VII)
  // https://rolandsanluis.substack.com/p/the-mark-of-the-beast-is-it-ai-x
  // The Mark of the Beast. Is it AI, X, 10, 666, monetary/ID system, or related to Elon Musk? The Bible says, All of the Above (Part II of VII)
  // https://rolandsanluis.substack.com/p/the-mark-of-the-beast-is-it-ai-x-b8a
  
  
  The Antichrist is Elon Musk's son X.

  So how would a 7 year old be a threat to the world?  It's the foundation that Elon Musk is creating for his son.
  You have to ask these questions:
    Out of all his (Elon's) kids, why does he bring X everywhere to all his companies (why not any other kid)?
    Why does he label X, his protege?
    Why does he bring him into the oval office (in the White House) too?
    Why did elon musk say that we have the ability to upload (state) as in the mind into storage (like a drive)
    Why did elon musk say that we may have the ability to upload the mind into an android like a Tesla bot?
      He did say we can upload the mind to a machine or a physical body.
      He said it won't be the same.
    In the human brain project, they are trying to reverse engineer the human brain
      In most sections of the brain it takes at least 10^16 of compute power
      if they reach 10^21 in all areas and unlock and fully reverse engineer the brain, they can achieve AGI  
        which is Artifical General Intelligence.
      Even Ray Kurzweil said it would take 10^16 compute power to unlock areas of the brain.
        Ray also says about humans being uploaded into storage.  He is a technology futurist who claims to be right 80% in all 
        his predictions. 
    In certain studies, they claim that 95% of the human brain is developed in male boys at the age of 7.
    That will be the age of X in May of 2027.
    What Satan is doing...is deceiving them into thinking that they will have the ability to have eternal life.
    The soul belongs to God.  When the body is killed, only God determines whether or not it goes up to heaven or down to hell for eternity.
    The framework that Musk is creating is the foundation to a world control grid.
    X is that framework. He lost his first born by creating that foundation (reference my substack verses) and he will lose his last son.
    As Musk pointed out, the communication bandwidth is as fast as the human input to the computer.
    
    
    The fingers for typing, thumbs used for mobile or voice commands are not fast enough to keep up with the interactions
      with the upcoming quantum computers.  That is why he is creating a human to computer bridge called Neural Link.
      Its entry door to usage is based on special needs or diseases to cure to make it look like it is Good for man.
      He said that if we don't merge with machines, humans will eventually be outdated.
      He is not building a faster communication bus so that we can merge with AI, he is going to make AGI be controlled by
      his son X.  X is the mark, X is also the name, and the number (10) of the Mark.

    Rosemary, his caretaker when Elon was a kid, said his name used to be El Elyon.
    

    This verse tells us all:
      Rev 17:8  The beast that thou sawest was, and is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, 
         and go into perdition: and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is. 
 in contrast to    
      Revelation 1:8: “I am the Alpha and the Omega,” says the Lord God, “who is, and who was, and who is to come, the Almighty.”
    
    Elon Musk was the Antichrist, then is not (because he passes; he also predicts this too in tweets), 
      his soul does NOT come back because all souls belong to God. Musk also said he is ok going to hell because that's where most people are going.
    But he (continues by ascending out of the pit), given authority to continue (through his son),
    sounds so crazy to say this, uploaded state of Elon's mind (into) his son, to continue the rest of the 42 months.
    With full authority of AGI and a super fast bridge/bus to control AI and the control grid.

                 1   My nth root script (3-7-10) depicts the formula of God and (jesus) as one
                10
                10
                ..
                ..
                    The continus pattern of 10, 10 depicts a number like Pi.  Eternal.  
                    1st and the last, beginning and the end. Look at the notes within the script itself.

                    11010 pattern from binary to decimal is 26 (which in Simple Gematria is God).  Everything comes from God, which is 1 (no other god beside it)
                    Notice the continuous pattern until it hits 21, because that is when the clock is done for mankind.

                at 18 for both 3-6-9    and 3-7-10 scripts,   X will equal to be 10 or -10

                at 21 for both 3-6-9    and 3-7-10 scripts,   X will equal to be exactly 10

                  This is matching supernatural abilities as I stated before in AGI   at the 18th root level with x being -10 or 10
                When you run the 3-6-9 script in the nth root project, you will see the pattern play out in Revelation 13:8
                     6
                    60
                   600 but what you have to notice, is that man is trying to build a tower of knowledge like unto God in the form of
                       AI.  That is why the battle of Ai and Jericho has a lot of resemblence to the symbolism in Revelation.
                       X (hebrew gematris is 300) as in the committee of 300
                       AI in English Gematria is 60, which is the last unit in Man & God's timeline since the units are 60 each.
                But what Man did when building this tower of knowledge is to factor out the number 6....which is MAN
                You will see that when you run 3-6-9 and 3-7-10 side by side (in Iterm-using simultaneous tabs), you will see the difference.
                  https://github.com/rsanluis/esword-cli/blob/main/images/nthroot/nth_root_comparison.png

                      You will see they catch up to the level of God-like (supernatural) knowledge at the level of 21 in the nthroot script,
                         but will lack in true wisdom which only comes from heaven.

                Rev 12:5  And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: 
                  and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne.  

                If you do an exact phrase search for "man child" it will show up as 10 matches.
                X is the Mark.  (Mark also depicts servitude)...who will u serve, the mark or God
                X is his Name...The son's name
                X is his Number....the number 10.   At nth-root (3-6-9) level at 18:   if u solve for X: x is -10 or 10
                Just use the equation in my substack article.
https://rolandsanluis.substack.com/p/the-mark-of-the-beast-is-it-ai-x-b8a
                  The equation is in his kids name.  Even his interview w/Joe Rogan, he said X is an unknown variable.

                This is the key to solving Rev 12:5 equation:

                so x^18 = Hexa or 10^18  which is X = 10 or X = -10
                so x^21 = 10^21          which is X = 10 (this is the level of being caught up w/God and his Throne)

                https://x.com/elonmusk/status/1150276318757441536
                  musk tweet to inifity and beyond...look at his own reply: Graham's number
                    what is 10^21 (it switches over from quintillion to sextillion)
                      a pattern in the model of his cars which he says is a sentient machine also 

                      
                        At nth-root (3-6-9) level at 21:  The number is exactly    10 (This is the very act of catching up unto God and his throne)
                        When Man creates an Idol that they call a digital god which does not live

     Elon musk predicted his death in tweets.  The bible expects his death and his sould (is not) coming back.
     BUT (he as in Musk's mind) will continue in X as Satan wants to imitate God.  Son being One with the Father.

   Elon Musk - Father of Antichrist
   X - his Son, is the Antichrist

  Elon Musk bday - Elon, the father of the (Antichrist X)
  6/28/1971    to 10/30/2030  
    3096 weeks
    g3096 - to practice magic: use sorcery

  Looks at his tweets describing Technology as magic
  Look at his black hat; The meaning for Maga in Latin is magician, sorceror
  DOGE: is derived from the Latin dux, meaning either "spiritual leader" or "military commander".

  Elon's bday to his son's X bday
  6/28/1971    to 5/4/2020
    2549 weeks
    g2549 evil, malice, naughtiness, wickedness

  The great reset is **NOT** about wealth transfer.  It is about changing the times and the laws.
    The babylon bee interview with musk, they asked what we would add to the Bible.
    He said the Hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy, which signifies the number 42.
      If he intends to append that to Revelation, the clock which is supposed to end at 42*60, will reset and start over another 42.
      This is the true nature of the Great Reset.
      He even placed the book (Hitchhiker's guid to the galaxy: 42) in the red tesla orbiting the earth.
      
      Note: take a look at this test testDaysBetweenFeb_6_2018_and_November_1_2023
         and the other clues in TheMarkOfTheBeastTest.java

Right after the Tonga eruption, he immediately tweets if Tonga needs access to Starlink...knowingly the cables would be 
  severed by the volcano eruption and tsunami.
https://rumble.com/vt1egg-heads-up-a-rod-of-god-kinetic-weapon-hits-the-ocean-and-then-the-tonga-erup.html
  His son X using a rod of iron in Rev 12:5

    The millstone will cause America's fatal headwound that will eventually heal. Out of the 7, the 8th one will emerge.
    X is also the beast (country) that will emerge from it's head wound (that happens) in May 13, 2025.
    God paints the eclipses (X) to point out the mark.  He also paints the Aleph mark to indicate it is Aleph and Tav,
      the first and the last doing this.

    In the eclipses, he labels America as the new Egypt, Sodom and the place Jesus was crucified
    God declares America as Babylon, and has specific commands to flee it; not fight against the beast and make war against it
      since it is considered god-like to Man? John 3:16 in contrast to the true God--> in verse Exodus 15:11


  The great tribulation, a period like no other in the word, will span from the mid trib to the return of Christ in 
  Oct 30, 2030.
  The mid trib is when the abomination of desolation X, is standing where is shouldn't be as told by Daniel
  May 19, 2027 
  If you had half a week's value (1260) to that date, it will be October 30, 2030 - the return date for Christ


This map shows how undersea cables move internet traffic around the world
https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/11/this-map-shows-how-undersea-cables-move-internet-traffic-around-the-world/

The ultimate control grid is:   the replacement of underground cables (after a planned catastrophe) and the use a blanket of 
  Starlink satellites covering the globe, vaccines (causing plagues as in illness and death), zero trust, CBDC, cashless money, programmable cryptos and AI to ultimately replace 
  God's creation with an artifical one.  By 10/30/2030 a third of the world's population will be gone.  Use Ezekial's prophecies to back
  this up. That is why Christ said if he did not come back in time, there would be no flesh left. But at the end, humanity wins when Christ comes back in 10/30/2030
  That is why there is a verse...where America will not hear anything about the bridegroom after it is destroyed.

These are my cliff notes for the AntiChrist.  
The reason why I didn't write an article on this yet...is because I first would have to convince everyone 
what will happen on May 13th, 2025.  Plus Jesus gave me the command to speak about it on May 2nd, 2025.
Everyone will hear that message soon on https://revelationunsealed.com

Note: I know someone like Mike Adams (founger of brighteon.com) who has a lot of knowledge in AI and the bible, 
      will be able to confirm and validate this. Mike, my brethren in Christ. I pray that this message finds you.

      Roland Resurreccion San Luis
----------------------------------------------------- END ANTICHRIST NOTES -----------------------------------------------
