
Slides for the November 30th, 2024 conference


Before stones are thrown at me, hear my testimony first.


Questions
Pretribulation rapture for people who had been taught this teaching all their lives.


Matthew 24:36
  Many will be waxed cold because of this pretribulation rapture teaching.


Who am I... and why do I have the title "Prophet" next to my name?
What is a prophet
  A prophet is a messenger from God.
  A person who is in contact with a divine being.


Show me proof?


What if you are a false prophet?


2 days proof
  https://www.nairaland.com/5774931/jesus-christ-coming-back-2#:~:text=Jesus%20is%20coming%20back%20after,days%20of%20the%202000%20years.


In what authority do you declare these statements?


Pretribulation
  https://christianity.stackexchange.com/questions/7239/what-scripture-is-used-to-support-a-pre-tribulation-rapture
  https://www.openbible.info/topics/pre_tribulation_rapture


How do we know that you were chosen to speak about this truth?


Where does it say in the Bible does it say it is you?


Who is the harlot that rides on the beast?
  Who is ella?  Who is the Harlot that rides on the beast?
  Sits on, rules over


Mov 30, 2024 is the 360th day of the 2520 day clock.
  360 code is the meaning for Christ's return


Verses:
  Matthew 25:13
    Watch therefore, for you know neither the day nor the hour
  Mat 24:36  But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only. 

  Mat 24:11  And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many. 
  Mat 24:12  And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. 


The Mosaic covenant required a mediator. Moses stood between the Rock and the children of Israel. 
The Israelites did not want to deal directly with God (Exodus 20:18-21) and instead requested that Moses speak with God and then speak to the children of Israel.


Rev 7:13  And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they? 
Rev 7:14  And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. 

Rev 7:16  They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat. 


Revelation 7:9–17describes an innumerable multitude standing before the throne and the Lamb. They ascribe glory to God and the Lamb, affirming that salvation belongs to God and the Lamb.
  What does Revelation 7:9 mean? - BibleRef.com

A Great Multitude from Every Nation
Rev 7:9  After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude, which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands; 
Rev 7:10  And cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb. 
Rev 7:11  And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God, 
Rev 7:12  Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our God for ever and ever. Amen. 
Rev 7:13  And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they? 
Rev 7:14  And I said unto him, Sir, thou knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. 
Rev 7:15  Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them. 
Rev 7:16  They shall hunger no more, neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat. 
Rev 7:17  For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes. 